here's what i think happened with this
battle over forced to vote
aoc personally coordinated the attacks
on jimmy dore
that's what i believe happened and
behind behind that you had democratic
congressional leadership
actually getting aoc to shut this down
because it was such a threat
to what they were trying to do because
it challenges
the whole concept of this progressive
wing sheepdogging
all of these young people who are being
betrayed and all of these left-wing
millennials back into the democratic
party it
just scared them it scared the hell out
of them and aoc i know this for a fact
i know aoc was told by pelosi and
whoever else to shut this stuff down
i had to make a difficult decision when
i was a young man
and it wasn't just a decision about how
i was going to talk
about politics it was how i was going to
think and how i was going to feel
about politics i made the decision that
i'm never going to say these things like
doubtless oh doubtless doubtless this
secret
shadowy deal went down between
aoc alexandria ocasio-cortez and
nancy pelosi doubtless deaths i know
this for a fact
no you don't no you don't you know what
i'm going to be the one person who says
i have
doubts i'm going to be the one person
who says i know the difference
between a speculation and a matter of
fact
everybody agrees with hashtag forced to
vote the people who are against it
it's inexplicable and you're not
supposed to question their motives i
question their motives jenkuger is on
the take
and he he's working for the democratic
party and he's working for his corporate
donors
jeffrey katzenberg buddy romer right
wingers annika spearing has health care
she got 24 million dollars from
katzenberg
as i was told by an executive at the
young turks i was told when they took
that money
the youngsters now has to move to the
center and we know that and that's what
this is
i've never had an original id in my life
peddled mccarthyism and censorship for
four years while taking 20 million
dollars in katzenberg cash
i think they're doing it because they're
on the take and they have a manager
inside the democratic party along with
katzenberg
that's why i think and plus i was told
they had to move towards the center and
this is part of it and another aspect
too of what causes misanthropy is
not being able to recognize the capacity
of evil within yourself
or seeing a glimpse of it and being
terrified of it and i think a lot of
people instead project it onto others
and
just see the evil in humanity when you
don't have a balanced view of yourself
the good and the bad parts of yourself
you can't have a balanced view of the
world and then another personality
aspect i see in misanthropes and this is
one that i've struggled with which is
really embarrassing but
it's that when you hate people and you
try to place yourself above them by just
seeing how evil they are projecting all
of your own you know negativity onto
them and then judging them for it
it's like you're trying to place
yourself above them for some sense of
power like oh if everyone's evil and bad
you know i'm not that way you know
because i could tell that they're bad
and i could judge them and i could
critique them and that makes me good
why jank did you get a phone call from
your manager
do you need another round of funding
from right wingers and corporations
who called you jenk
so jank is what they call controlled
opposition
and that's what he's pointing out and
that's what the young turks are now
and there's no i don't think there can
be any doubt about it working for his
corporate donors jeffrey katzenberg
buddy romer right wingers
he's against julian assange he's a total
[ __ ] corporate
sellout jenk is 100 wrong it's easy to
[ __ ] make him look like a chump
because he is
it's not my job to come up with [ __ ]
it's their [ __ ] job
the squad wasn't strategizing at all
until i came up with this idea a month
ago
they weren't going to do anything and by
the way they didn't do anything
they did nothing with their leverage
jank nothing
he says progressives in congress wake up
speaker pelosi is not on your side and
never will be
if you don't start fighting on her on
policy positions
then you're going to lose all
credibility she's not your friend
this was january 4th he put this out
is today the fourth jay today today's
the fourth that's today
he did that at 1 30 a.m after the vote
after the vote
after they did what he told him to do
vote for nancy pelosi
he told him to do that he said don't
force the vote
he told them they did it and then he
tweeted you better start
[ __ ] posing
what in any tweets you better start
opposing her or you're gonna lose
credibility
i think the people who just lost
credibility was the young turks
okay everybody so what happened
yesterday what happened with the hashtag
forced to vote well
uh it started out uh aoc corey bush and
barbara lee for congress all did not
vote for
nancy pelosi as speaker they didn't say
anything and so we all thought that they
were withholding their vote
and it turns out they weren't uh because
boom and now they all voted for it so
every member of the squad voted for
nancy pelosi
uh the only people who didn't vote for
nancy pelosi were corporate democrats
uh blue dogs and people like that though
they were able to withhold their vote
from nancy pelosi
the squad who ran on withholding their
vote from nancy pelosi
and forcing a floor vote on hashtag
medicare for all
they ran on this the time came they
could do it they didn't do it they were
the only ones who didn't do it
corporate democrats voted against her i
said shame on the house progressives for
not fighting for force to vote and
medicare for all
what is the point of voting for
progressives inside the democratic party
again
they won't fight they are selling you
out and abandoning you
shame we are a failed state as is the
progressive movement
i made another really difficult decision
in my life around the year 1998
that i was not going to accept this
left-wing assumption
that poverty is virtue and that all
virtues
require and stem from poverty
and it was a difficult decision to make
it was a difficult decision to live with
because i was surrounded with left-wing
people
i was surrounded by left-wing people who
would tear me down
and attack me for supposedly being
born rich or even if they didn't know
anything about my family
they could just attack me because the
fact that i was enrolled
as a student at the university of
toronto so i could afford to be a
university student instead of being a
factory worker or
i don't know working at mcdonald's or
whatever gold standard
for proletariat authenticity
they have in mind all right i can
remember going
to green party functions ecological
functions and people attacking me
for being bourgeois or for my politics
being
middle class and i would stand there
with complete self-confidence and say in
their face
yes that's what i am
what are you gonna do about it and
they'd never dealt with that before
they were so utterly accustomed to being
surrounded by
self-hating self-sabotaging left-wingers
who would say oh no no how can you say
i'm middle-class
my grandfather worked in a factory or my
uncle
is on the dole or my brother is
unemployed or you don't know what a
struggle my life is
or they say like like alexandria cortez
they say that they used to be a waitress
you know
i used to work at starbucks personally
it doesn't matter i'm still middle class
and i made that decision that no
i'm gonna have the personal integrity
and honesty
not to live a lie and not to base my
political
philosophy on a lie and not to pander to
other people
whose worldview is based on this really
insidious
and self-defeating lie now if you wonder
why i mention this it's because
it is indeed a subtle but important and
recurring theme
throughout jimmy dore's work and
throughout his confrontation
with the young turks aoc and these other
left-wing parties in this particular
controversy but in the next clip in the
next clip i'm about to play
you're going to hear exactly how this
plays out much more overtly
much more brutally as it turns out that
hey there's the same
cycle of the left wing tearing itself
apart left wingers
tearing themselves tearing one another
down you could never be left-wing enough
you can never be woke enough you can
never be politically correct enough
can never be anti-racist enough and oh
guess what
you can never be poor enough they need
aoc energy and she's been created as
this giant celebrity and then for aoc
personally
she was brought out of obscurity aoc she
was not a movement figure i mean she
says right at the end of every sentence
which you have to do if you're in the
movement
right so you have to do that right and
she calls everyone right
you have to call everyone folks and say
right at the end of every the proud
folks were out today right
so anyway but she was never a part of
the bds movement
she was never an anti-war rallies when
she sold out the palestinians were the
first people she sold out
even before she was never a part of
anything she was a bartender
and she's always like yeah like she was
at some like dive bar or something with
all of these like
uh factory workers saddling up after a
hard day and then they have to like put
their feet in buckets full of hot water
because they were standing all day or
something on the assembly line no
[ __ ]
she was at this bar uh called like uh i
forget what it was called i was on union
square and you have to have a head shot
before you get hired at that bar it's
like an elite bar that's his f
one of the bars i think she worked at
but anyway she comes into congress
completely unknown
uplifted by all these dsa people who
live in the gentrifying sections of her
district which are pushing the puerto
ricans out
and then she starts to make a hundred
seventy thousand dollars she's a
national celebrity on the cover of
vanity fair wearing four thousand dollar
dresses posing with nancy pelosi she's
important
and she starts to get uh cognitively
captured
by the establishment and now she's
presented by jimmy dore he presents her
with the in the basic contradiction of
fundamental contradiction
of what she said before she was elected
when she how she defeated crowley and
pulled off that
victory exactly is by adopting this
movement that she then refused to stand
up for and saying i will be a one-term
congress person and i'm going to
disrupt business as usual because these
people are screwing you and that's why
they voted for
and then he refuses to do it she won't
do it because she doesn't want to give
up
all of what she has which could possibly
lead her to the senate
or even the presidency in her mind and
so that's
what's been created for us and then you
have all these pundits acting as her
um lager to use an afrikaner south
african term
uh circling the wagons around her to
defend her and you and just
deploying the same access journalism
that
is part of the culture of the beltway
that we're supposed that we hate that
the dsa is supposed to hate
and they've all been dragged into the
system on aoc's coattails and that's why
it's so important
what jimmy did he succeeded forced to
vote succeeded
in exposing the squad it succeeded
anyone who says it failed
doesn't know how this works and it
succeeded because it's moving people
towards organizations outside the
democratic party which will never
produce material change i'm 43 i just
turned 43.
it's never produced material change in
my lifetime i'm not gonna live forever
so i'm eventually gonna
go in a different direction and so
should you alexandria ocasio-cortez
her credentials as blue caller as
working class as oppressed as poor
they here get called into question and
she gets
torn apart for being
middle class it's a fundamental error
to live your life as if
poverty is virtue and virtue
is poverty do you think that nobody
who's born
rich ever had any good ideas if you were
working in the sciences
would you take someone's report on
mathematics or physics
or chemistry and judge it by saying what
social class
was this person born to is this a
bourgeois
or a working-class ideology guys there's
a poison here
on the left and it goes all the way back
to karl marx
and if you don't know the danger of it
take a good long look at what happened
when these ideologies were put into
practice
by lenin by stalin by mao zedong
hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel for this week's video i wanted
to do in on misanthropy which is
basically the hatred of people and
humankind
this is something that i've dealt with
for a lot of my life and have only
recently overcome
but i'll get into my personal experience
towards the end of the video so the
first thing i want to talk about is what
causes misanthropy i think the main
reason for a lot of people is feeling
alienated from the people around you
whether you have social anxiety or you
don't understand social norms very well
or
if you just have such low self-esteem
and low self-worth that you
feel like a burden towards others and
also feel anger at them because you feel
like they don't understand you
a lot of hatred for humanity stems from
not feeling understood and feeling
alienated from other people and another
aspect too of what causes misanthropy is
not being able to recognize the capacity
of evil within yourself
or seeing a glimpse of it and being
terrified of it and i think a lot of
people instead project it onto others
and
just see the evil in humanity when you
don't have a balanced view of yourself
the good and the bad parts of yourself
you can't have a balanced view of the
world and if you either
one overly recognize your capacity for
evil and neglect the good parts of
yourself you're gonna hate yourself
which a lot of myths and throats do
and then number two if you also can't
accept the evil within yourself
you're probably going to project it onto
others because it's easier to deal with
these negative aspects of yourself when
you project them onto somebody else
and then criticize them for it rather
than yourself when you have a really
negative outlook on life
you kind of develop confirmation bias
for it you only see the negative you
just can't see the good in people even
when it's right in front of your face
and even when good things happen like
let's say someone's being nice to you
you're just gonna try to rationalize it
into your own self-belief of thinking
you're worthless by thinking oh this
person's being phony to me
they're probably gonna exploit me or
whatever it is that you believe you just
can't take any positivity from the
environment around you and then another
personality aspect i see in misanthropes
and this is one that i've struggled with
which is really embarrassing but
it's that when you hate people and you
try to place yourself above them by just
seeing how evil they are projecting all
of your own you know negativity onto
them and then judging them for it
it's like you're trying to place
yourself above them for some sense of
power like oh if everyone's evil and bad
you know i'm not that way you know
because i could tell that they're bad
and i could judge them and i could
critique them and that makes me good